Feature/new demo site (#1046)
daneden/animate.css: docs/pages/03-best-practices.md

### Meaningful animations

You should avoid animating an element just for the sake of it. Keep in mind that animations should make an intention clear. Animations like attention seekers (bounce, flash, pulse, etc) should be used to bring the user's attention to something special in your interface and not only as a way to bring "flashiness" to it.

Entrances and exit animations should be used to orientate what is happening in the interface, clearly signaling that it's transitioning into a new state.

It doesn't mean that you should avoid adding playfulness to the interface, just be sure that the animations are not getting in the way of your user and that the page's performance is not affected by an exaggerated use of animations.

### Don't animate large elements

Avoid it as it won't bring much value to the user and will probably only cause confusion. Besides that, there is a good chance that the animations will be junky, culminating in bad UX.

### Never animate root elements

> Animate the `<html/>` or `<body/>` tags is a no go as you'll just go through some browser weirdness.

Reviewer: This language is a bit vague; let’s see if we can smarten it up (linking to corroborating evidence can help).

### Infinite animations should be avoided

Even tough Animate.css provides utility classes for repeating animations, including an infinite one, you should avoid endless animations. It will just distract your users and might annoy a good slice of your them. So use it wisely!

### Mind the initial and final state of your elements

> All the Animate.css animations include a CSS property called `animation-fill-mode` which controls the states of an element before and after animation. You can read more about it [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-fill-mode). Animate.css defaults to `animation-fill-mode: both`, but you can change it to suits your need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the Animate.css animations include a CSS property called `animation-fill-mode` which controls the states of an element before and after animation. You can read more about it [here](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/CSS/animation-fill-mode). Animate.css defaults to `animation-fill-mode: both`, but you can change it to suit your needs.
```
